Today's puja is very important for us. You
all have got your Self Realization. You have
all the knowledge that is necessary to give
Realizations to others. You have to know what
you have already. That's very important, because
if you do not try your hand and if you do
not try to give Realizations to others, firstly
you'll have no faith in yourself. You'll have
no self-esteem also.
The second part is that you try giving vibrations
to other persons, but don't get involved with
that person. I've seen some people get too
much involved. If they give Realization to
one person, they think they have done a great
job and they start working on that person,
his family, his relations, this thing. So,
so far as you must have learned, that one
may be related, one may be closer to one person,
but not necessarily he will have that much
of chance of Self Realization. Only way to
grow is to be collective. There's no other
way out. If people think that by staying away
from ashrams, alone living somewhere they
will achieve much - that's not the way Sahaja
Yoga is meant.
Formerly, people used to go to Himalayas and
most of them were separated and only one or
two persons were chosen for spiritual growth.
Here it is not question of spiritual growth,
it's a question of your collectivity growing
in you. That is how you become a person who
is collective, who enjoys collective, who
works on collective and lives with collective.
Such a person develops new kind of powers.
And these powers are such that they are very
subtle, but they penetrate into any molecule,
atom or human beings, anywhere. And their
penetration is only possible if you have a
temperament which is collective. Without being
fully collective, you cannot achieve that
height which is very necessary today for Sahaja
Yoga.
As you know, there are problems and problems
all over, as if you feel that the world is
going to sink. Specially when I went to America
I felt that "My goodness, this is a hell that
they have created here." Is just a hell because
they have no dharma, they don't believe in
any dharma, completely they worship adharma
and this kind of climate is flowing all over.
All over the world, you get reaction of American
adharmic life. And people think there's nothing
wrong in it. Whatever you may tell them, they
will not believe nor they will think that
there's any verdict. But they don't see the
destruction from the very basis of their life,
their families, their societies. The whole
country, I feel, is filled with such ugly
type of adharmic nature, that one cannot even
imagine how such ideas came into their heads.
And these ideas I need not tell you, you know
them very well. But if you have to save your
children, you have to be an ideal guru yourself.
If you just talk of Sahaja Yoga and if you
try to assume that you are a Sahaja Yogi,
also you try to propagate Sahaja Yoga without
all these powers being awakened in you, it
would be a failure. So, how to develop these
powers within us we should see.
It's rather embarrassing for Me to tell you
how you have to behave towards your Guru.
I think people have told you. But naturally,
spontaneously, as soon as you get your Realization
and grow in it, naturally you develop a very
humble attitude. Also an attitude through
which you achieve lots of
qualities of your Guru. Now, supposing the
Guru is at a particular height and if you
try to go on to the same height, nothing will
move towards you. So you must sit at a place
which is much lower than the Guru's is. Some
people take too much advantage of My good
nature, I should say, and so many people have
pointed out to Me that "You must correct these
people, they talk to You at equal level and
all that." I said: "They will learn a lesson,
they will learn a lesson." But sometimes,
it doesn't work out and they start talking
on the same manner as if you are talking to
your friend or to your equal.
First is complete humility. You have to be
a humble person, extremely humble. Now, you
check on that, when you talk to others, are
you humble? When you think of others, are
you humble? When you look after your wife
and children, are you humble? That's a very
important thing for every person who thinks
he is a Guru. Humility is the first quality
or, I should say, the ocean into which you
must jump. Some people think that "If you
are humble, Mother, then people will take
advantage of you." Nobody can take advantage
of you, because you have to remember another
point, that you are protected all the time,
looked after by Param Chaitanya. I know you
know that, but how many really believe that
there is Param Chaitanya with us?
If you really believe that there is Param
Chaitanya, then you don't get frightened,
you don't get worried, you are not subjected
to all kinds of nonsensical ideas also. But
if you think that you are not protected, "What
will happen? How will things happen?" then
Param Chaitanya leaves you alone. You have
to see the whole drama, how Param Chaitanya
works out, how It works out, how you are behaving.
Supposing you are not in a proper shape and
you try to show off too much, then what happens?
Then, you get the reward for it. Not that
I do anything, but it is the Param Chaitanya
which will teach you a lesson that you will
remember, that you should have been little
different from what you have been. After all,
we have to know why have we come to Sahaja
Yoga. Begin at the root of it. We have come
to Sahaja Yoga because we wanted to know the
absolute truth, and this absolute truth has
been now known to you through your vibrations.
You know it through your vibrations, what
is the absolute truth, and you should work
everything on that line, that absolute truth,
whatever you feel on your vibrations you have
to follow.
Unfortunately, I have seen many people think
that their vibrations are all right, they
are all right and whatever they are receiving
on their vibrations is first class. Now, how
to correct that point is very difficult. It
comes from ego. When you have ego, you can
never find anything wrong with you. And even
if the vibrations are telling you something,
it might be somebody else who is telling you
something, because you are not there, your
ego is there and your ego is just spoiling
you and teaching you things which normally
you would see clearly that "I'm doing something
wrong, I should not have done it."
In this process of correction and improvement,
when you indulge you should see: "Are you
getting subtler or grosser?" That is the best
way to judge. Now, I've seen people who go
on judging on small things like vibrations
- whether this vibration are all right or
not in this tree or on this flowers or on
this land, all kinds of material things they
want to see the vibrations. But for what are
you seeing the vibration? You are seeing vibration
because some sort of material gain. You think
that if you check the vibrations and the vibrations
are all right, then you are quite safe, you
will not loose this, will not loose that.
It's not true. Because vibrations are not
meant to judge all these worldly things and
worldly matters. It's absolutely cheapening
the vibrations. You should not cheapen them,
because vibrations can suggest things which
may be detrimental to your growth very much.
Once, I wanted somebody to go somewhere, so
he said, "I didn't go, Mother."
I said, "Why?"
"Because I saw the vibrations were very bad."
I said, "That's why I asked you to go. If
the vibrations were good, what was your use
going there? That's the reason I asked you
to go there so that you could help but before
that you judged yourself, judged your vibrations
and then you didn't want to go."
So, what happens, we want to have a easy,
cozy life. And all our problems must be solved
by Sahaja Yoga, otherwise we think Sahaja
Yoga is of no use. Whatever is our desire
must be fulfilled. So, now the desires are
mostly personal. "My child is not well, so
the child should be all right, my husband
is misbehaving, the husband should be all
right" or "I have no house, I must get a house."
See how we are moving our mind, is still on
a very consumer society, as they call it.
We are all the time thinking, "Now I should
have a son, now, instead of a girl" and you
get a son and then you blame Sahaja Yoga for
that! Anything that according to your desire
doesn't work out, then you think it's Sahaja
Yoga which has done the harm and you are suffering
because of Sahaja Yoga. Or this faith in Sahaja
Yoga gets little moving or we can say, in
a way, it's not that deep. But if you are
deeply imbedded in Sahaja Yoga, then what
happens? "What may come, I will be a Sahaja
Yogi."
Supposing somebody dies, normally in Sahaja
Yoga it's difficult for people to die also,
I must tell you. Even if they want to die,
they can't die. It's the Param Chaitanya which
decides for you. But supposing you take up
a position like that, still you must know
that that wish may not be fulfilled. If that
is not fulfilled then you feel disturbed and
you think, "What's wrong?" But your wish is
not the wish of God Almighty, while Param
Chaitanya is the wish of God Almighty.
Now for example I went to America, take it
like this, and America attacked Me. Negativity
and troubled Me. For all these days I'm suffering
so-called, and I have had pain, I have had
all kinds of things. But that I had to do
because now the American Sahaja Yogis will
realize how much one has to pay to make this
dumb head of Americans to rise. How stupid
they are and how foolish they are who are
enamored by people who are taking money!
So many people came to Me and told Me, "Mother,
if You start saying that, this I can give
for 300 dollars, You'll get thousands and
thousands of disciples of Yours."
I said, "They'll not be My disciples. If they
come for money, thinking that because I'm
taking money it is worthy something, that
means they are absolutely stupid!" Sahaja
Yoga, you cannot get it by money, this is
the first principle they don't understand,
most of them! Most of them don't understand
that you can get Self Realization without
paying any money.
They were some Gujarati rich people in New
Jersey and they asked questions to Sahaja
Yogis that "How is it possible to get it so
easily? It's not possible because it's a very
difficult thing, all the shastras have said,
everybody has said, it's very difficult to
get your Realization. All right! If so, how
is it you are giving it so easily? Why?" Nobody
knew how to answer to these people. You should
have said like this, "All right it is difficult,
very difficult and you cannot give mass, true!
But if somebody is doing it, then you have
to think about it, how somebody is doing it?"
So, this kind of stupid questions are there
and still if they go on, you have really to
tell them in a very humble way: "Sir, one
has to be worthy also." So, they will run
after people who are just making money out
of them, making fool out of them. And they
boast, "We have three gurus." Somebody says,
"We have seven gurus!" And I wonder what must
be their condition. So the people who are extremly  stupid, in Sanskrit they call "Mudha"
people who are brainless
cannot get their Realization, so give them
up. If they are arguing with you, you just
give them up. It's not their right to argue
with you. Their right is to get Realization
but not a right to argue with you, ask you
foolish questions and stupid questions. But
you should always remember that with that
humility you must have your dignity intact
because you are a Guru. Once you know you
are a Guru, one thing should be there that
you will not behave like a joker all the time.
Your behavior will be dignified. At the same
time, it will be very pleasant face or a pleasant
personality. It won't be annoying type. Your
personality itself will suggest that there's
something special about you.
Now, how do you develop that kind of a personality?
The biggest problem in the West is ego and
the biggest problem in the East is superego.
Now, this ego business, I don't know from
where it has come. In all walk of life, they
show how egoistical they are.
For example, I went to America and I was surprised
that there is a racial problem, and the blacks
are treated in a different manner, and the
whites in a different manner. I mean, color
is given by God and somebody has to be black,
and white. If everybody looked the same, it
will look like a regiment. There should be
some variety, there should be some change
in the face and also in the expression. One
has to be a person carrying better or different
expressions, otherwise you will be bored with
such a world where there is everybody looks
the same, just the same. But so much of racialism
there that I was surprised that how it has
worked into human mind.
So, as a Guru, you must develop a complete
detest for racialism, complete detest. That's
very easy to understand that anybody who has
fair complexion could be a cruelest man, cruelest
woman and could be a cruelest mother also.
And the one who is black could be very kind,
generous. It doesn't go with the color, temperament
doesn't go with the color. But because the
blacks have been ill-treated so much that
they react. And they react, naturally, in
sometimes in such a manner that it is very
crude and very cruel. But this kind of attention,
this kind of a, you can say, a wrong type
of attitude towards human beings, even towards
animals they won't bear it. So towards human
beings to have such an attitude itself shows
that you are not worthy of Sahaja Yoga at
all. So anyone of you who has such a feeling
that somebody is black and somebody is white
cannot be a guru in Sahaja Yoga.
Then in India we have caste system, equally
bad and horrible. It has no sense in it, no
basis whatsoever, but in India we have people
who believe that some castes are higher and
some castes are lower. Every caste people
can do all the worst possible things, there
is no demarcation for them and every low caste
can be very, very good. We have had many great
poets and Sufis in the lowest castes in India.
This castes are man-made. You know man-made
cloth doesn't suit us, and all these man-made
ideas are not going to suit us and it will
lead us into a great - I wouldn't know discretion
- but I would say to a complete destruction,
because hatred begets hatred and it goes on
increasing and increasing. If you cannot get
rid of your hatred, then, I would say you
are not a Sahaja Yogi.
These are all conditionings. You were born
in a white family, so you are white, you were
born in a Christian family that's why you
are Christian, you were born in a Jew family,
that's why you are a Jew. All this is just
because you were born in that. But does that
mean that you are higher or lower? All the
problems of the world today, if you see, are
because of human attachment to nonsensical
ideas of superiority. Only through collective
living will change. For example, I would say,
in an ashram, we should have all colored people
living together with the equal rights, with
the equal understanding and love and affection.
If that is not there, no use calling it an
ashram.
Once, they asked Me, "Mother, will You come
and give a lecture in Harlem?"
I said, "Why not?"
So some Sahaja Yogis said, "Harlem? Mother,
do You know what is Harlem?"
I said, "I know. There's no harm."
They said, "You know the blacks are there
and..."
I said, "I'm also black." You could call Me
black or you can call Me white, but the love
is such a thing, you see, love is such a thing
that cleanses all these ridiculous ideas we
have about other people. To brand anyone as
black and white shows that you have no eyes
to see. Any person with depth, any person
with loving heart cannot see these superficial
things, cannot see!
Today is a day where we are celebrating the
Guru's greatness. Now, look at all the Gurus,
how they were, how they behaved. We have many
in India and many others many Sufis in other
countries. These Sufis or these saints that
we had never believed in any caste system,
never believed in black and white. Christ,
He never believed in black and white. Buddha
never believed in black and white. Nobody
believed in any kind of man-made ideas.
These are all man-made ideas which we have
accepted and, even after Realization, which
I have to carry all the time. Now, by saying,
we do not get rid of it, but acting we can.
Just see how we work out these stupid ideas
within us and how we can get rid of them.
Very simple is in meditation you should sit
down and see how many people you love and
why do you love, not out of pity, but just
with love, how much you care for others. I've
seen some very beautiful examples of that,
but still I must say that there are certain
fixed ideas which are to be dislodged completely,
very important for every person who is a Guru
in Sahaja Yoga. Means he has to be a clean-hearted,
open-hearted, loving-hearted fellow. His heart
should play the tune of Param Chaitanya. If
his heart is full of all these man-made ideas,
I don't know what will happen. Even when they
transplant the heart, they cannot do it with
a man-made, they have to use a real, natural
one. So you can imagine when you try to take
to all these odd ideas, are just divisive,
they will never give you collectivity.
So, introspection has to be made. Are we one,
or we are judging each other? Now, the judgment
is quite a lot also. Now, all this can be
seen only when you live together, otherwise
how will you know? When you start living together,
you discover, start discovering what is missing
in you, what is not there, what has to be
there. It is so peaceful to have a heart which
is full of love because every movement of
that heart is so much joy giving, so much
joy giving.
There's a story of Shri Rama, that He ate
the bers, a kind of fruit, which were first
tasted by an old lady with such love. Shows
what? Shows that a person like Shri Ram Who
was the King of the highest heritage and this
old lady who was just of the lowest caste
gives Him these fruits with such love, and
when He eats that, He starts praising it.
So His wife says, "Give me some!"
He says, "All right," but the brother is still
half way, I think, in Sahaja Yoga, so he doesn't
like, he doesn't like, he gets angry.
Then She eats and She says, "Brother-in-law,
it's wonderful fruit, I must say!"
He says, "All right, give me some."
She says, "Why should I give you now? First
you were a very much angry, so why should
I give you these fruits to eat?"
The story shows that the level of your personality
as Guru is judged by your clean heart, by
your loving heart, by your highest, remarkable
personality. In the personality it is not
something that is to be built-in artificially.
It is not artificial; it is natural, absolutely
natural. Whatever you do has to be natural.
So, this artificiality of certain ways of
talking or certain ways of living together
creates problem. For example, we had a ashram
in America, in New York, and there was a lady
who was very strict, everything should be
tip-top, it should be here, the spoons must
be there and the forks should be here, and
all sort of things and she hurt many people.
Not important. These cultural, what you can
call it, the taboos are not important in Sahaja
Yoga, because now, you have become a Guru.
Guru can stay anywhere, live anywhere, eat
anything, any time. That should be the case.
But also I've seen in Sahaja Yoga, there are
many who are very anxious to eat food as soon
as it is served.
Once it happened, I was there, they had served
the food and just they started removing the
plates.
I said, "What's the matter, I have to eat."
"Oh! You haven't eaten, Mother?"
"No, I haven't yet touched it even."
So, you see, sort of, first it is the very
lowest type of, we should say, desire, is
the hunger. Now, a Guru doesn't bother. Whatever
you give, all right, whatever he wants not
to give, all right. Even if you don't give
is all right, but one has to develop that
by killing your ego. People feel very hurt
if you serve them little later than another
person. It's all kinds of funny things I've
seen in Sahaja Yoga. On the contrary it is
the lowest type of, I should say, a desire.
You should not be very much catered to, if
you want to be a real Guru.
Of course, many problems are solved, as I
have seen so far that they do not take to
drugs, they do not take to drinking and all
such things. You see, it's such a blessing,
because if I had to start from that level,
I don't know how deep I would have gone, from
where I would have pulled you out. But that
is of course a very big thing. That is quite
a nice thing but still, to make a beautiful
life out of it which will attract the attention
of everyone - how you talk, how you behave,
how you love. So, again one has to say that
Guru Pada comes only through the love that
you have. Like they'll have, say, ten people
for anything, for a drama supposing, and they
have it only from a particular country or
from a particular group, then there's no fun!
There's no fun. For example they'll have a
music group, so, from the particular one caste
could be or could be one religion, could be
one, you can say, one school or anything.
So that shows that you are still not there.
As a Guru, you should like every kind of culture,
every kind of beauty and that has to be brought
in, in our daily life. You should not look
down upon anyone for their color, for their
race, for their status, class consciousness.
All this has been shown in the lives of all
these Guru saints who lived.
Tukarama says, "Oh God, thank God you have
made me a schedule caste." He was not but he
just says so. All of us, all the time should
not be conscious of what has been our birth,
what has been our personality or what has
been our beginning. One should not be able
to make out even who is the saint and who
is not. Even people are proud that they are
saints.
I was surprised in America, also, very much
that the Russians who have gone there are
a very different quality people. They wouldn't
raise their eyes to Me, wouldn't raise their
eyes and very deep, very, very deep. Vibrations
were very deep. The reason is, I think, they
have been oppressed during communism, perhaps,
maybe, and now they have come to America where
they have seen so-called freedom and what
nonsense it is doing. So knowing these two
extremes, I think they have gone very deep
into their own being, and they have such strength
and such unity among themselves. I was surprised
that I had never met them before. They didn't
come from Russia, they came, only they were
there. So, what is it that has kept them like
that is, that they had no religion in their
heads. They had no religion. To them, every
religion is the same and they had no religion
to follow.
So, a Guru cannot belong to any religion because
these religions are also man-made. They have
created such a problem all over and they are
all fighting among themselves, how can they
be divine? So, you should not get involved
into some sort of a religious bias. I've seen
it, that a Sahaja Yogi, say if he is a Christian,
then the bias will be shown that he is a Christian,
you can make it out. If he is a Jew, you can
make it out. So what's the use of coming to
Sahaja Yoga? Their attention, if it goes inside
they'll find out. You have to dissect yourself
to see what's wrong with you and why is it
that you are not very successful as a Guru.
The success of the Guru is: he doesn't bother
about time. Every time is the holy time. For
he's not bothered if somebody is late or has
come early. He is not a slave of watches and
time. This is also man-made. There were no
watches about, I think, three hundred years
back and nobody was so particular about the
timing. So, first thing, he is beyond time,
kalatit as they call it. Then he is also gunatit.
Gunatit means he doesn't belong to the left
side or to the right side or to the center.
He is beyond these three, beyond these gunas
where he stands and sees everything in the
Divine Light. Everything! If something good
happens to him, he said, "The Divine Light
has done." If something bad happens to him,
he said, "The Divine light wanted this way."
Everything he leaves for the Divine Light.
He is beyond the gunas.
Like, supposing there is a person who is on
the right side - egoistical - then he'll start
saying, "How is it? I wanted this, this didn't
work out and how...," he'll challenge. Another
will start crying, the left sided one that
"I'm very sorry this has happened to me, it
should not have happened" and all that. In
the center also, he might think that "How
far are my vibrations, how could I not know?"
and all that. But a person who is a real Guru,
he looks at it as a drama, as a, just a witness
of the drama. "It happened, it was to happen,
so it has happened."
So, what do we get out of it? You see we get
something: the lesson that this was not right
or this was wrong, that's all. For that moment,
not to go on churning in your head, that's
all one gets and he is not bothered about
anything else. So he goes beyond his gunas,
beyond gunas he lives, he eats anywhere, sleeps
anywhere, he is not bothered where he lives,
he is not bothered whether he goes by car
or he goes by bullock cart, he doesn't feel
he is being not honored if they give him a
garland of few flowers. It's not that. He
is not bothered, because nothing can enhance
his personality - nothing! You give them something
simple it's all right, or even if you don't
give, it's all right. It's not he judges himself
through your eyes, but he judges himself through
his own eyes and he sees for himself the joy
of enjoying himself. What is there to be so
particular about anything? What is so great
to be hankering after anything? It just works
out in its own time and if it doesn't, it
doesn't. What does it matter? Just think of
it!
Also, in Sahaja Yoga, a Guru has to be a binding
force. There are two types of people, I've
seen, which go on breaking relations. It's
very easy for them. They go on complaining.
But there are others who have a power to bind
people together in such a manner, in such
a sweet manner that the people are brought
closer together. Not that they have to forgive,
it automatically it works out. Just works
out like that and people go on joining such
a man.
I was surprised that in America they were
very, very few Sahaja Yogis. "We spend," they
said, "Fifty thousand dollars and got fifty
Sahaja Yogis." One thousand for one Sahaja
Yogi in America! So, very bad shape, but still,
you see we have to hope for them, because
there are lots of seekers and lost in the
wilderness of seeking. But I thought that
maybe it's a circle. They have to pass through
this circle of stupidity and then definitely
they will see the point and it has happened.
We had about four thousand people for My lecture
which never has happened there in that country.
"Nobody has got such a lot of audience," they
said. But still, not many came but they got
their Realization.
So, I think gradually, even in America it
may start growing. And the Sahaja Yogis must
not only worry about their houses and where
they live and all that, but go all out to
them. I would say some of the Sahaja Yogis
who could afford to go, should go to America
and work out this outside work. May be if
there are outsiders who come and talk about
Sahaja Yoga, they might be impressed. There
are so many false gurus that you can't count
them. And they have accepted them. It's very
surprising, though they have suffered, they
have lost in money, everything, still they
have accepted, "After all he is our guru!"
So, there is basically something wrong with
their brains that they don't understand what
is to be expected.
I have written one book. Perhaps it may reach
them, but in any case you all can write your
experiences and things and can publish it.
Maybe it might help them to open their eyes.
While writing anything, you have to remember
that it should show your quality of Sahaja
Yoga, how you are. In that, one should not
feel that you are putting them down or trying
to say some things which will hurt them, but
say it in such a manner that it corrects them
and helps them.
For a Guru, it is important that he should
not have any false ideas about himself. He
might be from a poor family, might be from
the rich family. Whatever it is, he should
not be conscious of that. Because, once you
become that ... See, look at Kabira, he was
just a weaver, look at Raidas, he was just
a... what you call that? Shoemaker. See, in
India these are very low castes, supposed
to be. He has written beautiful poetry. Then
Namadeva, he was a tailor, just think of that.
All these people have written the same thing
with such great beauty of poetry. How have
they achieved? Because, now they have entered
into that great realm of spirituality.
You people also write some very good poetry,
I know. But some of the people who have written
good poetry turned out to be very obstinate,
very egoistical people. This is something
I couldn't understand. You are writing here
a beautiful poetry and here you are full of
ego.
So, from where this poetry is coming, God
knows. So, first of all is yourself, your
personality has to be something that people
should say, "This is the real Guru we have
met." For that, you know very well, you don't
have to give up your family, don't have to
give up anything. But ego, if it is still
there, I don't know what to say, but you must
get rid of it completely and collectively
also, ego should be driven out, collectively.
It's a thing that, people are egoistical secretly
within themselves but sometimes it shows,
it's a very subtle nonsensical disease that
people have and they just indulge into it.
On this day of Guru Puja, I have to say now
that one has to work very hard, very hard.
The most important thing is how much you have
dedicated your life, your time to Sahaja Yoga.
Then only you will achieve that state of Guru.
Look at Me, I'm a house wife and I have my
family's responsibilities, problems, but despite
that, I'm all the time thinking about Sahaja
Yogis, Sahaja Yoga and all that is this emancipation
of human beings in the whole world. Not only
here or there, in the whole world. So, that
should be your widened vision, not for only
your school, college, or university, your
this or that but a very wider vision one should
have and that you have to develop through
your working into every type of circumstances,
every type of problems you have. Once you
develop that kind of a personality, then you'll
be amazed how you can help so many people.
I know there are so many Sahaja Yogis here
who are worthy of praise and really I love
them very much and they also love Me very
much, but one should always see that, as you
are now going to be the Gurus, you have to
be careful not to think that you are a Guru.
You should never think you are a guru already.
Once you start thinking again Mr. Ego, the
guru, comes up.
So, once you decide that "I'm nothing, I'm
nothing, I'm just a little ripple in the heart
of my Mother." If such a humble feeling you
get, then, all your problems can be solved
and things will work out. Because your attention
and your behavior is going to impress other
people, nothing else. Whatever you may try,
it is you who is going to get Sahaja Yoga
further.
There is so much to be said about how to become
a good Guru and all that but I think I'll
keep it for next Guru Puja.
Thank you very much.